passage 49
land 和气候变化有关 另外一个是 地震

人类活动要么单独 或者 和气候一起影响
少森林 和土地利用

1. The author of the passage cites “evidence from the past” in order to
A. support a partial explanation
B. concede a potential objection
C. dismiss an apparent counterexample
D. highlight a scientific consensus
E. account for a historical anomaly
A

2. The passage makes which of the following claims?
A. A rise in precipitation resulting from human factors has increased the frequency and magnitude of landsliding.
B. Human factors have led to greater changes in landsliding activity than have cyclical climate
fluctuations.
C. Decreases in landsliding activity have historically been accompanied by changes in climate.
D. Slope stability is more influenced by seismic activity than it is by human factors
E. Changes in land-use patterns in mountain ecosystems are generally correlated with changes in climate.
E

Consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply.
3. The author of the passage suggests which of the following about the role of human factors in landsliding activity?
A. Human factors can intensify or alter the effects of climate change on landsliding activity.
B. It is likely that human factors affect landsliding activity more than climate change does.
C. Until recently, human factors did not have much impact on landsliding activity.

AC


两段的后半部分读的都不是很懂  
This is not surprising, given that precipitation is one of the two external triggering mechanisms--the other being seismic activity--involved in the formation of landslides. 
这句话没什么难度  当时 precipitation 降雨 看成了参与 导致意思理解错
precipitation!!!!!!
participation
读句子的时候 脑子里面最好发音!!!默读 不是默看!!!!!!!


Evidence from the past clearly indicates that cycles of elevated landslide activity have been followed by cycles of low activity, and that these are correlated with climate fluctuations over a variety of timescales.
landslide activity  followed by cycles of low activity
说的是 山体滑坡 之后是 低活动周期
之后!!!!

当时仍然不明白 前后的逻辑关系 想说明什么??
可能就是支持的关系 主要第一选项A 错在patial 
相比较D可能更对
有机会要问一下


第二题做错是因为 选项没有弄透彻
C. Decreases in landsliding activity have historically been accompanied by changes in climate.
滑坡的减少 历史上气候有光 
对了 这一句话

E. Changes in land-use patterns in mountain ecosystems are generally correlated with changes in climate.
这个错在changing  这句话的意思就变成了  气候导致了 改变土地利用

The extent and conditions under which mountain ecosystems are resilient to these changes
单词 extent 范围 老记不住 太抽象了
山生态系统对于这些改变的抵抗的 范围和情况 是不确定的
--that is, the amount of disturbance they can absorb before changing into states with different structure and function--are not known. 
disturbance 干扰 没反应过来
数百了就是抗干扰能力不清楚怎么样


Addressing this issue is crucial for the long-term conservation of mountainscapes.
单词 crucial 重要的
conservati 保护  和 保守同词根Conservative