Passage 59
1. The author of the passage implies which of the following about the political importance of the type of urban water management system described in the passage?
A. Because the system was centralized, it allowed political control over a widely scattered population.
B. The knowledge required to design and maintain the system became the pretext for Maya
elites’ political authority.
C. By selectively limiting access to water, Maya elites used the system to curb challenges to their authority
D. The system is not sufficient to explain the sources of centralized political power in all parts of the Maya region
E. The system’s continued maintenance required political authorities to exert control over an increasing proportion of economic resources.
D



Consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply.
2. According to the passage, which of the following is true of the water management systems

in the central and southern Maya Lowlands?
A. They were implemented in part because of the prevailing pattern of rainfall.
B. They were an integral part of lowland cities’ architecture.
C. They were needed because of insufficient resources such as ponds, rivers and lakes in the lowlands.
B
C



Recent studies of ancient Maya water management have found that the urban architecture of
some cities was used to divert rainfall runoff into gravity-fed systems of interconnected
reservoirs.
In the central and southern May Lowlands, this kind of water control was necessary
to support large populations throughout the year due to the scarcity of perennial surface water and the seasonal availability of rainfall. 
Some scholars argue that the concentration of water within the urban core of these sites provided a centralized source of political authority for Maya elites based largely on controlled water access. 
Such an argument is plausible, however, it is less useful for understanding the sociopolitical implications of water use and control in other, water-rich parts of the Maya region.



第二题仍然不会   in part 是什么意思?每个城市不久一个系统吗???????????
