Passage 27
观点: interglacials 和 Holo 一样mild 统一
最近有质疑

研究两组冰块: 能得到气候 气温 降雪量 温室气体量

证明之前的东西没问题, 有新发现 E的气候的

资料来源是 18 16 O 的比例  和尘土 Ca 量

2组反驳 一下原因才造成reformme

1. The passage is primarily concerned with 
A. refuting certain scientific theories about Earth’s climatic history
不是 
B. outlining new findings concerning Earth’s climate during ice ages
有可能 
C. discussing new research that may challenge a long-held scientific assumption about Earth’s climatic history 
对应第一
选C
D. describing the climatic changes that occurred when Earth moved from an ice age into an interglacial period
不是描述 
E. reconciling conflicting evidence concerning climatic changes.
没有reco


2. Which of the following describes research that is most clearly analogous to the testing done by GRIP scientists?
A. Scientists studying the formation of the Sahara desert measure the rate of topsoil erosion in the region 
X
B. Scientists seeking to determine the age of a particular fossil measure the percentage of its carbon atoms that have decayed
X
C. Scientists researching vision in flies measure and compare the amounts of vitamin A found in the retinas of several fly species.
X
D. Scientists investigating the development of life on Earth measure and compare the amount of oxygen used by various organisms along the evolutionary scale.

E. Scientists plotting the fluctuations in rainfall in the early rain forests measure the presence of certain gases trapped in tree rings of older trees.
选E
纠结DE 都是间接 


3. According to the passage, which of the following is the most accurate statement of what scientists believed, prior to the GRIP findings, about Earth’s climate?
A. Over the course of Earth’s history, interglacials have become progressively milder 
B. Earth’s overall climate has been generally mild since the planet’s formation
C. During both interglacials and ice ages, Earth’s climate has fluctuated violently.
选C
D. During ice ages, Earth’s climate has been highly variable, whereas during interglacials it has been mild and stable.
X
E. During interglacials, Earth’s climate has been highly variable, whereas during ice ages it has been uniformly cold and icy.
X

prior to the GRIP findings!!!!!! 没有看准

4. The passage suggests that which of the following is most likely to have been true of the oxygen-16 and oxygen-18 isotopes found in the lower sections of the GRIP core?
A. There was significantly more isotope oxygen-18 than isotope oxygen-16 in the ice layers.
B. There was significantly more isotope oxygen-16 than isotope oxygen-18 in the ice layers.
C. Ratios of isotopes oxygen-18 and oxygen-16 varied in the ice layers.
选C
D. Layers containing isotope oxygen-18 placed stress on the layers containing isotope oxygen-16, possibly distorting them.
E. Isotope oxygen-16, being lighter, was located mainly in the upper layers, whereas oxygen-18 had settled into the lower layers.
