passage 53
手稿 认定是S的:
	没人知道 学者认定
时间: refer 之前的 ovid
96 之前 别refer了

自己没说很奇: 用到理论
解释: 1 文字狱, 轻微反驳 他是皇帝亲信
	 2. 谦虚    weak 反驳


1. The author mentions Medea primarily in order to
A. give an example of a play in which references to certain authors can be used to determine when the Marci Lucii Annei Senecae Tragoediae were composed
B. acknowledge the possibility that the Marci Lucii Annei Senecae Tragoediae may have been written by Quintilian rather than Seneca
C. suggest that certain of the Marci Lucii Annei Senecae Tragoediae may have been written near the end of Seneca’s lifetime
D. argue that Marci may have been one of the last of the eight plays in the Marci Lucii Annei Senecae Tragoediae to be written
E. indicate how the latest possible date for the time period during which the Marci Lucii Annei Senecae Tragordiae were composed might be established
E

2. The author of the passage makes which of the following claims about the eight extant Latin tragedies?
A. There is only circumstantial evidence that the plays were all written by the same author.
B. Scholars have persistently attributed the plays to Seneca despite evidence that some of them may have been composed prior to his lifetime.
C. Evidence in the manuscripts of the plays identifies them as having been written by Lucius Annaeus Seneca the Younger.
D. The plays contain some lines that have been construed as being directed against the emperor.
E. The plays contain material that could illustrate certain aspects of Seneca’s philosophy.
E
解释D

3. The author of the passage would most likely agree that if Seneca had in fact written the tragedies, then Seneca probably would have

A. used the plays as platforms for his philosophical ideas
B. referred to the plays in some of his other writings
C. been in danger of exile or execution for certain line in the plays
D. avoided attaching his name to be the plays out of modesty
E. written the plays during the latter portion of his lifetime
B


4. The author implies which of the following about Seneca’s status as the emperor’s tutor?
A. It enabled Seneca to illustrate points of his philosophy to the leaders of the early Roman Empire.
B. It had more of an effect on Seneca’s career as a dramatist than it did on his career as a philosopher, orator, and politician.
C. It might have offered Seneca some protection from certain dangers playwrights typically faced.
D. It required Seneca to avoid making references to his various writings.
E. It required that Seneca take particular care that his writings could not be construed as being directed against the emperor.
C

5. Each of the following assertions consistent with Seneca’s 
authorship of the plays appears in the passage EXCEPT

A. There is no known author by the name to which the plays are attributed.
B. Playwrights in the early Roman Empire were politically vulnerable.
C. There are references in the play to Ovid.
D. There are references in the plays to Seneca’s philosophical works.
E. There are quotations from the plays in the works of Quintilian.
B


D是 ovild 那一部分吗?


经典题目
精!


The manuscripts of the eight extant Latin tragedies identify the plays as the Marci Lucii Annei Senecae Tragoediae. 
名字太长了 读了好几遍 抓关键 manuscripts identify plays as S的作品 
单词!!!!    extant 现存的

Since nobody of that name is known, modern scholars believe the
dramas to be the work of Lucius Annaeus Seneca the Younger, the well-known philosopher,orator and politician. 
the Younger 区分同名作者   比如大仲马 小仲马  
小就是 younger
单词 orator 演说家!!! 不影响阅读

Clearly the tragedies were written during Seneca’s lifetime: internal references to earlier poets, most notably Ovid, indicate that the dramas cannot have been composed prior to the second decade C.E., and the plays must have been written by 96C.E.,
when Quintilian quotes Medea, one of the tragedies.
根据引用ovlid 确定在ovlid 之后 
Q有用他  他是在Q之前

It is remarkably, however, that Seneca himself never mentions the plays, since there are certain passages in them that could be used to illustrate points of his philosophy. 
注意这里表达惊讶!!! 注意remarkbly!!!
这就表示作者认为他应该mention   并且后面since 也是解释 为什么作者这样认为

There are at least two possible explanations.
猜测 分结构
In the early Roman Empire, playwrights were sometimes exiled or executed for line constructed as directed against the emperor; thus, Seneca’s silence may be simple prudence.
playwrights 单词!!! 剧作家 不是著作权!!!!!

But if anyone could safely attach his name to dramas, surely it would be Seneca, the emperor’s tutor.

And although Herrmann offers Seneca’s modesty as an explanation, Seneca is not averse to referring to his other writings.
第二解释
The evidence for equating Seneca with the author of the tragedies seems circumstantial.

for equating Seneca with the author of the tragedies!!!!
equating 单词 等价于  
能让 S 和几本书的作者划等号  的证据


第五题错在单词理解错了