Passage 55
1. The primary purpose of the passage is to
A. correct a common misconception about a historical period
B. identify a feature of a historical period that has often been overlooked
C. challenge the validity of evidence used to support a claim
D. discuss certain challenges to a particular view
E. account for a particular feature of historical period
2. Select the sentence in the passage that describes how a historian might reply to attempts to
call his theory into question.
3. In the context in which it appears, “evoked” most nearly means
A. elicited
B. recalled
C. cited
D. suggested
E. elaborated

全对 
文章难 题目简单


Some historians have recently challenged the “party period paradigm,” the view, advanced by McCormick and others, that political parties—especially the two major parties—in the United States between the years 1835 and 1900 evoked extraordinary loyalty from voters and dominated political life.
advanced by McCormick!!!!
advanced by 被xxx提出!!!
and 并列  evoked  dominated 没看出来 可惜

Voss-Hubbard cites the frequency of third-party eruptions during the period as evidence of popular antipathy to the two-party regime.
eruptions 单词 爆发 不太影响理解
antipathy 单词 厌恶 影响阅读

He correctly credits third parties with helping generate the nineteenth century’s historically high rates of voter turnout by forcing major parties to bolster supporters’ allegiance, lest minor parties siphon off their votes, and with pushing policy demands that the majorparties ignored.
credits third parties with 赞扬xxx 因为 xxx  读第二遍才看出来
单词: turnout 产量 不影响阅读
bolster 加强  只记住了一个支持的意思 可惜
allegiance 忠诚!!!! 词根是 liege 子民 不是过敏   过敏是 allergy


Formisano stresses the pervasive record of nonpartisan and anti-party governance at the local level, and women’ s frequent participation in nineteenth-century public life, prior to their enfranchisement, in nonpartisan and antiparty ways as evidence of the limitations of the party period paradigm.
limitations 可以看出态度是反对!

Yet McCormick would deny that the existence of antiparty sentiment during the period undermined the paradigm, since he has always acknowledged the residual strength of such sentiment during the nineteenth century.
单词: residual 剩余的


In any case, the strength of the paradigm is its comparative thrust: the contrast it draws between the period in question and earlier and later political eras. 

需要问