Passage 19

tranmission 的证据出现问题
内部原因 they may paint a distorted picture of reality because they diagram the
relationships of only those manuscripts known or inferred today. 
外部原因
availability of a work in the Middle Ages
too much is inferred
另外一个: 
quotation 有用程度的质疑

总结:
不能过度推断

1. The passage is primarily concerned with which of the following?
A. tracing certain changes in the methods used to study the transmission of ancient Roman texts.
一点点对
选Ａ
B. contrasting two types of evidence used in investigating the transmission of ancient Roman
texts.
两种错
C. outlining certain difficulties associated with studying the transmission of ancient Roman texts.
不是困难 是发现的错误
D. advocating the use of one type of evidence about ancient Roman texts over the use of another type.
没有比较
E. explaining the development and potential uses and drawbacks of stemma in the study of ancient Roman texts.
太细节了 第一段的
！！！仍然不理解  A 比Ｃ　更对啊　这根本不是困难　　就是说别人错


a diagram depicting the　genealogical relationship of surviving manuscripts and those the stemmas editor believes　existed at one time

may paint a distorted picture of reality because they diagram the　relationships of only those manuscripts known or inferred today. 
2. As described in the passage, a stemma is most closely analogous to which of the following?
A. a department store inventory list that excludes some departments 
B. a map from which a large section has been torn off
C. a chronology that includes only major historical events 
D. a family tree in which some generations are not recorded 
generations are not recorded 　出断层了
E. a government organizational chart from which some agencies are omitted
选Ｅ

！！！generations are not recorded 　出断层了
E　仍然可以
https://zhidao.baidu.com/question/937477081461890732.html

Consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply.
3. In its discussion of external evidence, the passage suggests which of the following about　manuscripts of ancient Roman texts during the Middle Ages?
A. It is possible that fewer manuscripts were destroyed by barbarians in the early Middle Ages　than scholars frequently suppose.
but were unnoticed due to lack of interest. 
选Ａ
B. Additional copies of some so-called lone survivor manuscripts may have existed well into　the Middle Ages.
C. If an ancient Roman text is quoted in a work by a medieval author, then it is likely that at　least one manuscript copy of that text survived into the Middle Ages.
选Ｃ
ＡＣ
！！！没看懂ＢＣ　凭感觉选的


4. Click on the sentence in the first paragraph that suggests that scholars might be led to underestimate the extent of the connection between certain manuscripts.
If surviving copies are few, the stemma perforce brings into proximity manuscripts that were widely separated in time and
place of origin. 
心急了　没看完后　这句并没有造成结果


If surviving copies are few, the stemma perforce brings into proximity manuscripts that were widely separated in time and place of origin 啥意思???