passage 56
Consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply.
1. According to the passage, plants supply resources to soil communities by which of the following methods?
A. Some plants supply resources to soil communities by promoting diversity of above-ground flora and fauna.
B. Some plants supply resources to soil communities by oozing nutrients from their roots.
C. Some plants supply resources to soil communities by depositing leaf litter.
BC



Consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply.
2. Which of the following statements about the connection between above-ground plants and
below-ground soil communities can be inferred from the passage?
A. Because of the nature of the link between above-and below-ground communities, many soil
communities are deficient in nutrients.
B. The extent to which soil communities are dependent on above-ground plants is extremely
variable from one soil community to another.
C. Because different plants supply resources to soil communities in different ways, distinctive
soil communities form under different plant communities.


BC



Soil communities are dependent on plants for organic matter. 
Plants provide organic matter for soil communities through the decomposition of leaf litter, by oozing nutrients from roots, or through other methods of deposition of organic compounds into the soil environments.
As a result of these diverse methods by which plants supply resources, unique soil communities form under different plant species and under plant communities that differ in composition.
这句话没找到主谓宾 
As a result of these diverse methods by which plants supply resources
作为植物所提供的多种方法的结果,
unique soil communities form under different plant species and under plant communities that differ in composition.
communities 是这句话的主语  动词没找到
如果difffer是动词  之前的that是什么意思??????????????

If a nonnative plant species invades an above-ground community of flora and fauna, it can alter links between the native above-ground community and the below-ground soil community. For example, an invading nonnative plant could alter the quantity of leaf litter production, which would alter nutrient contributions to the soil.
invades 单词! 入侵 严重影响阅读!!
nonnative 没反应过来是   外来的!!!


above-ground community of flora and fauna
这个of 看不懂???????????????????????????
关于吗?
flora 单词 植物群落!!!



第二题错 错在extent 范围这个词 没看懂 
extent 文中没提到!!!
难记住的单词之一
