Passage 20
1001单词
第一段有点迷糊 讲的1995 data 推翻了之前假设的一个理论
太阳系的星球 都很unique

四点关于地球形成的特殊
1. 气候, 主要是和太阳之间的距离
2. 木星的保护
3. 偶发的保护失败
4. 月球影响四季变化



Instead of normal planets whose composition could be predicted by theory, the planets populating our solar system are unique individuals whose chemical and tectonic identities were created through numerous contingent events. One implication of this is that although the universe undoubtedly holds other planetary systems, the duplication of the sequence that produced our solar system and the development of life on Earth is highly unlikely.
不是很懂第一段的意思!!!
1. The passage is primarily concerned with 

A. enumerating conditions that may have been necessary for a particular development 
B. outlining the conditions under which scientists may be able to predict certain events 
不能预测
C. explaining how a particular finding affected scientists understanding of a phenomenon 
有可能
选C
D. suggesting reasons why a particular outcome was more likely to occur than other possible outcomes
没有其他outcome 
E. assessing the relative significance of factors that contributed to a particular occurrence
不是先解释一个问题 而是一类


2. It can be inferred from the passage that the planetary scientists would be most likely to agree with which of the following statements concerning the development of complex life forms on Earth?
A. It might have occurred earlier in Earths history if cometary impacts had been less frequent than they were.
没这个对比
B. It could have occurred if Earths orbit were 1 percent larger than it is but not if Earths orbit were 5 percent smaller
没比较可发性 
C. It probably follows a pattern common on other terrestrial planets that occupy planetary systems containing gas giants.
太细
D. Its dependence on the effect that Jupiters gravitational shield has on Earth was difficult to recognize prior to 1995.
没关系
E. It has been contingent on conditions elsewhere in Earths solar system as well as on conditions on Earth itself.
选E

3. The author of the passage most likely mentions Mars oscillating tilt primarily in order to 
A. provide evidence for a proposition about the potential effects of cometary impacts
B. emphasize the absence from our solar system of normal planets 
C. contrast the rotational axis of Mars with that of Venus 
D. characterize the role of other planets in the solar system in earths development 
E. emphasize the importance of the Moon to the development of life on Earth
选E

4. The passage suggests each of the following about water on Earth EXCEPT:
A. It was conveyed to Earth by comets.
3
B. It appeared on Earth earlier than did carbon and nitrogen.
没说
选B
C. Its existence in a liquid state is contingent on Earths orbital parameters.
1
D. Much of it came from a part of the solar system where water cannot exist in a liquid state.
3
E. It is unlikely that there would be much of it available to support life if the gravitational shield of the outer planets did not limit the frequency with which comets strike Earth.
23


