Passage 1
事实: 没有关 development social learning 的研究
别人的观点: CW K 研究了guppoies
发现: 跟着trained > high-desn 长大的
解释现象: high中的 不 shoal and learn
	相反: 鱼例子
结论: 

1. The primary purpose of the passage is to 
A. note a flaw in a scientific finding
没事 flaw 没人研究过 
B. describe a particular scientific study 
好像是
C. present an interpretation of a finding
有解释 不仅仅finding 
D. note a difference between two scientific findings
不是为了比较 
E. contrast two conditions in which a particular phenomenon has been observed
主要不是为了对比
选Ｂ

2. Regarding research on fish, it can be inferred from the passage that 
A. research studies of the acquisition of important skills by fish have only recently begun to document the role of conspecifics in the learning process
没提到 
B. research on social learning in guppies suggests that guppies differ in important ways from most other fish in the means by which they learn particular skills
正确　 
C. research on social learning in fish has generally focused on the acquisition of skills other than foraging
比较错误　不是区间 
D. research has established that social learning occurs in some fish species without investigating the development context in which it occurs.
E. research to investigate social learning has been done more extensively on fish than on other aquatic animals.
不对 比较没提到
定位错位: 看了instead, fish 那一句
D 和这句话最接近 但是不理解什么意思
A conspecifc 有问题


3. Which of the following can be inferred about the study by Chapman, Ward, and Krause?
A. It was initially designed to investigate something other than social learning.
就是为了social learning 
B. It required researchers to observe individual guppies at multiple points in their life spans.
这推断到哪去了 没提实验方法啊
C. It pointed to the possibility that population density may have little to do with guppies’ social learning.
选C
D. It required the observation of guppies under conditions that closely mimicked the conditions of guppies in the wild.
没有  说明了实验室的实验
E. It indicated that guppies gain adaptive information from being reared with a relatively large number of conspecifics.
不对


当时C 也不想选的 因为确实影响是负面影响而已
D 全文没提过实验室之外的?????