 Passage 35 
 研究目标: 时间 地点 转变 原因

 具体的  发生了 邯郸学步

 拿 kiva 当例子 没有该改变kiva


The new architecture resulted from cultural forces in both the Spanish colonial and indigenous Native American societies, each with competing ideas about form and space and different ways of conveying these ideas symbolically.
动词是谁？

kiva 被轻  看出来 重要


1. The primary purpose of the passage is to 
A. correct some misinterpretations about the development of an architectural form
只最后
B. compare the traditional church architectures of two different cultures 
没有 compare
C. examine the influence of a religious architectural style on secular buildings 
有可能 secular 不对
D. explain the nature of the contrast between two different architectural styles
不是 
E. trace the European roots of an architectural style used in the United Stales
对 
选E
仍然不理解

2. The passage suggests that the indicated historians regarded the placement of kivas in the midst of Christian buildings as which of the following?
A. exemplary of an arrangement of religious buildings typical of a kind of Native American architecture common prior to the arrival of the Spanish
之后也有
B. largely responsible for the evolution of a distinctive Spanish mission architectural style 
不是西班牙的
C. indicative of the Spanish missionaries’ desire to display an attitude of acceptance toward the kiva
不是 
D. symbolic of the controversy among Spanish missionaries in New Mexico regarding their treatment of the indigenous population
有可能 
选D
E. reflective of the Spanish missionary’s desire to diminish the kiva's importance
不是这个
placement 会找到 这一句?
被戏剧化 什么意思?
变化大?

Christian domination over indigenous faiths is dramatized
by surrounding the kiva with Christian buildings


3. Which of the following, if true, would most strengthen the argument about the Spanish missionaries’ attitude toward the kiva?
 态度是想换掉
A. The period of most intensive settlement by Spanish missionaries in the Southwest occurred before the period in which the mission churches of New Mexico were built.
没什么联系
B. There are no traces of kivas in Spanish mission settlements that were protected by a large military presence.
?
C. Little of the secular Spanish colonial architecture of the Southwest of the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries is predominantly European in style.
D. Some Spanish missionary communities of the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries were attached to Spanish military installations.
选Ｄ
E. New Mexico contains by far the largest concentration of Spanish mission-style church architecture in the United States.


4. According to the passage, the building techniques prevailing in the Southwest during the　seventeenth and eighteenth centuries played a role in which of the following?
A. preventing missionaries in the Southwest from duplicating traditional European churches
B. influencing missionaries in the Southwest to incorporate a freestanding kiva into certain mission settlements
选Ｂ
C. causing missionaries in the Southwest to limit the building of churches to New Mexico only
D. jeopardizing the viability of Spanish religious settlements throughout the Southwest 
jeopardizing 不认识
E. encouraging many missionaries in the Southwest to reexamine the continued viability of a highly ceremonial European religious tradition
没有 encourage 
