Passage 69
CC观点: 政府封锁 因为白人 为了 保护当地
 	白人抢地
BB反驳: 英国前几年也干过 
		不是为了保护 而是做生意


1.
A 都有问题?
B 没证据
C defend
D 对
E 没有争论

2.
A 没否认夸大
B 么看懂  不对
C 离谱
D 没关系
E 对的

3. 
A BB 没表态
B CC 没说
C 对的 只是目的不一样
D 疑问!!!!!!!! 不知道
E BB认为是打仗 影响赚钱 人在哪无所谓



Historian Colin Calloway argues that in the late colonial period preceding the American Revolution (1775-1783), the British government sought to seal off territory west of the
Appalachian Mountain from the encroachment of land-hungry White settlers, to negotiate with Native American peoples as independent foreign states, and to guarantee the integrity of
traditional native American hunting grounds.
单词
preceding 在()之前
encroachment 入侵


By contrast, White Americans, released by the out break of the Revolution from the constraints of Britain’s allegedly benevolent policies, are portrayed by Calloway as ruthless land-grabbers whose new national government endorsed their rapacity.
单词:
rapacity 掠夺

Bernard Bailyn argues, however, that the “Americans” who encroached on Native American land during the Revolution had been British only a few years before.
When, during and after the Revolution, White Americans seized Native American land by any available means, they were continuing a tradition dating back to the earliest years of English settlement in North America. 
单词:
seized 咬住

And, according to Bailyn, the British government’s prewar efforts to preserve the trans-Appalachian west for Native Americans resulted not from humanitarian virtue or ethnic tolerance but from British Merchants’ desire to maintain their lucrative trade with native Americans and the government’ s desire to control immigration and avoid costly conflict between White and Native Americans over land.


第三题: 
C. The British government tried to keep White settlers out of the trans-Appalachian west primarily in order to prevent disputes over land between those settlers and Native Americans.
disputes over land 不是打仗  只是争端

D. The new national colonial government to negotiate with Native American peoples as independent foreign states.

E. One objective of the British government’s land policy prior to the American revolution was to prevent White settlers from moving to the western side of the Appalachian Mountains.
