passage 47 
分开分析三种工人
Hunter 一起
1. Which of the following does the passage cite as an explanation for historians’ traditional analysis of the Japanese textile industry?
 过去的
A. a common workforce population across all branches of textile manufacturing 
common 错
B. similarities in the skills required for silk reeling, cotton spinning, and weaving
sili错
C. the importance of the textile industry to the Japanese economy as a whole 
结果
D. the high number of female factory workers employed within the textile industry
不
E. differences in the technology used in the three major branches of textile production

E


Consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply.
2. It can be inferred that Hunter regards which of the following to be a shortcoming of historians’ traditional analyses discussed in the passage?
 
A. their failure to examine factors common to the three different branches of Japanese textile production
together long ovedue
B. their separation of the Japanese textile industry into three major branches based on differences in scale, skill requirements, and technology 
一个意思
C. their failure to acknowledge the contribution made by rural women to the different branches of the textile industry
contribution 没说
A

虽然都对  当时感觉逻辑把我不准确

理一下逻辑
From the 1880s to the 1930s, the textile industry in Japan employed over half of all workers, most of them in the three major branches of silk reeling, cotton spinning, and weaving.
工人三个类
Because the branches were highly diverse—in scale, skill requirements, and technology— historians traditionally have analyzed them separately. 
研究他们三个类

However, the workforces of all three were drawn primarily from the same population: young, mostly rural women aged 10 to 25.
转折  H 发现了共同点  这时候就能体会到大概意思 主要是后面把握不准

Noting this commonality, Hunter argues that a consideration of the three branches of production together is long overdue:
Nothing this commonality 看不懂 ????? noting 为什么会被我看成nothing ?????
注意到这个共性
overdue 是什么意思根据前面猜测应该是 忽略的意思 引号后面解释 

overdue 是过期的意思  
这里表达是  都过期了 还没人注意到  应该被注意到了!!!!!!!


examining elements common to the different branches of textile production may, she asserts, permit the identification of gender-based factors that may have influenced the operation of the Japanese female labor market as a whole.

这是标准的长难句 具体 分析:

examining elements common to the different branches of textile production may, she asserts, permit the identification of gender-based factors 主句  she assert 没用

examining elements common may permit the identification of gender-based factors
简化出的句子 感觉是对的 当时仍然看不懂
主要是因为 permit 的意思不确定  是允许?
identification of gender-based factors 与不是很明白

!!!!! permit the identifiction of 应该是 允许识别出  就是 能帮助认出的意思 !!!!
然后这个factor是 
may have influenced the operation of the Japanese female labor market as a whole.
可能影响整个市场的操作
as a whole 用眼睛看 有点难反应  就是 整个市场的意思 
这句收藏


第二题的B有些犹豫 '

解释一下: 
找到的缺点, 他们按照 三个技术 分成三类不是过失
没注意到共同点才是缺点


!
Noting this commonality, Hunter argues that a consideration of the three branches of production together is long overdue
!
examining elements common to the different branches of textile production may, she asserts, permit the identification of gender-based factors that may have influenced the operation of the Japanese female labor market as a whole


Noting this commonality, Hunter argues that a consideration of the three branches of production together is long overdue