Passage 70
事实:有个特例 一夫一妻制
	来源于GE的 男照顾多 还是女
	事实：男　大多数
	Ｓ 也认为  其他很少

反转: 一夫一妻范围扩大
H: 更全面
中间看不懂

结论 女多 男更多变 and 关键

1.
A untenable?
B consensus? 不确定
C 不是证据
D widerspe 不对
E 没data
选C


2.
E

3. 
C

4. 那一块看不懂



The main exception to primate researchers’ general pattern has been the study of male care among monogamous primates.

It has been known for over 200 years, ever since a zoologist illustrator named George Edwards decided to watch the behavior of pet marmosets in a London garden, that among certain species of New World monkeys males contributed direct care for infants that equaled or exceeded that given by females.
单词:
illustrator 解释者 插画师 
marmosets 小猴子


Mothers among marmosets and tamarins typically give birth to twins, as often as twice a year, and to court the female in her staggering reproductive burden the male carries the infant at all times except when the mother is actually suckling it.
单词:
staggering 惊人的
burden 负担
infant 婴儿
suckling 哺乳

to court the female in her staggering reproductive burden
看不懂!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

It was assumed by Kleiman that monogamy and male confidence of paternity were essential to the evolution of such care, and at the same time, it was assumed by Symons and others that monogamy among primates must be fairly rare.
单词：
paternity　父权
evolution？？？？　这里面有变化吗？　怎么就evolution了?

Recent findings, however, make it necessary to reverse this picture. 
First of all, monogamy　among primates turns out to be rather more frequent than previously believed (either obligate　or facultive monogamy can be documented for some 17-20 percent of extant primates) and　second, male care turns out to be far more extensive than previously thought and not necessarily confined to monogamous species, according to Hrdy.
单词：
extensive　广泛的



Whereas previously, it was assumed that monogamy and male certainty of paternity facilitated the evolution of male care, it now seems appropriate to consider the alternative possibility that the extraordinary capacity of male primates to look out for the fates of infants did in some way pre-adapt members of this order for the sort of close, long-term relationships between males and females that, under some ecological circumstances, leads to monogamy. 
单词:
certainty 确定



extraordinary capacity of male primates to look out for the fates of infants did in some way pre-adapt members of this order for the sort of close, long-term relationships between males and females that, under some ecological circumstances, leads to monogamy. 
看读不懂!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!


Either scenario could be true. The point is that on the basis of present knowledge there is no reason to view male care as a restricted or specialized phenomenon. 
In sum, though it remains true that mothers among virtually all primates devote more time and/ or energy to rearing infants than do males, males nonetheless play a more varied and critical role in infant survival than is generally realized.


这边问题巨大!!!!

