Passage 5
又是做过的
事实: 背景介绍 一些idea 没办法解释 现象
观点介绍: 有新观点 能解所有问题
		观点: 无用res多 更影响
一二段的关系 不清
多样 可以部分解释 没有入侵, 但是没关系
L 发现有联系, 但是是因为 n少 之类的

1. The passage is primarily concerned with 
A. assessing the empirical success of a theory
实验无关 
B. explaining why no consistent theoretical account of a phenomenon has been possible
不是解释 
C. advocating a potential solution to a theoretical impasse
有可能
选Ｃ 
D. deducing testable predictions from a proposed theory 
不对
E. describing the difficulties involved in explaining certain empirical results
不是解释



2. It can be inferred that the author would most likely agree with which of the following assessments of the results from field studies 
A. Many of the results contradicted predictions of susceptibility to invasion that are based on the availability of resources unused by the community.
区间
B. If fluctuating resource availability were taken into account, many of the apparent inconsistencies among the results could be explained.
好像是
C. The apparent inconsistencies and ambiguities in the results are caused by trying to make them fit an inadequate general theory of invasibility.
可能
D. No general theory of invasibility has emerged because none of the studies has been able to assess the degree of an invasion accurately.
没提到
E. The results tend to show a degree of susceptibility to invasion that is lower than would be expected given the prevalence in the wild of nonnative species.
没提到
纠结ＢＣ　选B


3. According to the author, the theory based on fluctuating resource availability might resolve “apparently conflicting and ambiguous results” because 
A. It explains how a particular circumstance can produce disparate effects.
Ｘ
B. It does not assume that all of the results are instances of the phenomenon that the theory is intended to explain.
C. It predicts that seemingly minor variations in research methodology can have a dramatic effect on results.
Ｘ
D. Its account is based on a statistical tendency rather than on the supposition that the results arise from a causal connection.
Ｘ
E. It indicates why a similar outcome may be preceded by very different circumstances on different occasions.
Ｘ

选B