Passage 18
第一段: 介绍大碰撞 可能产生月球
第二段: 理论不可能分析
第三段: 大碰撞在其他地方的应用

1. According to the passage, which of the following is true of the collisions mentioned in the highlighted sentence?
A. They occur less frequently than do titanic collisions.
没说
B. They occur between bodies of comparable size.
不是
C. They occur primarily between planet-sized bodies.
不是
D. They result in the complete destruction of the impacting body.
不是毁灭的
E. They result in mass being redistributed among newly formed objects.
没说到

感觉都不是
只能 选C 错的少
读错题目了  以为只开第一句


2. The author of the passage asserts which of the following about titanic collision models?
A. Such models are conclusive with respect to certain anomalies within the solar system, but leave numerous other anomalies unexplained.
留下大量没说啊
B. Such models are more likely than are earlier models to account for the formation of multiring basins.
没有比较
C. Such models may be particularly useful in explaining what happens when the impacting bodies involved are of highly dissimilar mean densities.
有可能
选C
D. Such models have been tested to such a degree that they are quickly reaching the point where they can be considered definitive.
tested 不对
E. Such models are so tempting that they run the risk of being used indiscriminately to explain unusual planetary features.
没提到risk

不懂

In a titanic collision model, the bulk of the Moon would have formed from a combination of material from the impactor and Earth’s mantle. Most of the earthly component would have been in the form of melted or vaporized matter. The difficulty in recondensing this vapor in Earth’s orbit, and its subsequent loss to the vacuum of outer space, might account for the observed absence in lunar rocks of certain readily vaporized compounds and elements.

3. The passage suggests that which of the following is true of the cited compounds and elements?
A. They were created by reactions that took place during a titanic collision.
两者结合
B. They were supplied by an impactor that collided with Earth.
不全是
C. They were once present on the Moon but were subsequently vaporized.
选C
D. They are rarely found on planet-size bodies in our solar system.
没提到
E. They are present on Earth but not on the Moon.
不

once present 不对

4. In the second paragraph, the author is primarily concerned with 
A. arguing in favor of a particular theory about the formation of the Earth-Moon system.
选A
B. summarizing conventional theories about the formation of the earth-Moon system.
反驳
C. anticipating and responding to criticisms of a particular theory about the formation of the Earth-Moon system.
不是回复批评
D. explaining why the Earth-Moon system is considered scientifically perplexing.
又观点
E. questioning an assumption underlying one theory about the formation of the Earth-Moon system.
不仅question


 Theorizing a titanic collision eliminates postulating a too-rapidly spinning Earth and accounts for the Moon’s peculiar composition
 这句没有当场看懂  造成了很大的问题 
 主要是主干混论


 语法仍然没明白
 A massive, glancing blow to Venus might have given it its anomalously slow spin and reversed direction of rotation.
 Venus 后面逗号? 主是啥?

