passage 57
1. The primary purpose of the passage is to
A. draw on studies of the Philippine fruit bat in proposing a new theory regarding bats on oceanic islands
B. show how recent research on the Philippine fruit bat reflects debates about bats on oceanic islands
C. argue for the relevance of certain new evidence pertaining to the Philippine fruit bat or the study of bats on oceanic islands
D. discuss recent investigations of Philippines fruit bat in light of conventional wisdom regarding bats on oceanic islands
E. explain why the Philippine fruit bat is atypical among bats on oceanic islands in terms of genetic variation
D

2. The primary function of the highlighted text is to
A. identify a finding from the Philippine fruit bat studies that will have a significant impact on how oceanic bats generally are viewed
B. point out a hypothesis that has been the subject of considerable disagreement among researchers studying oceanic bats
C. present evidence that is difficult to reconcile with other recent findings regarding the Philippine fruit bat
D. illustrate a widely held view about oceanic bats generally that was confirmed by the Philippine fruit bat studies
E. identify a feature of the Philippine fruit bat that does not appear to apply to oceanic bats generally
C


3. Which of the following can be inferred from the passage about the “recent studies”?
A. They point to the need for a significantly revised perspective on oceanic island bats generally.
B. They were undertaken with the assumption that Philippine fruit bats were somewhat
atypical among oceanic bats.
C. They remain some what controversial among researchers because of the number of
standard hypotheses that they tested.
D. They have largely confirmed what scientists thought about the Philippine fruit bat.
E. They suggest that bats on oceanic islands are more vulnerable to extinction than previously thought.
E 算明说吗?
选D


Recent studies of the Philippine fruit bat fauna have confirmed some previous hypotheses regarding bats on oceanic islands: for example, species richness[ the number of different species in a particular area] and abundance are generally highest in the lowlands and decrease with increasing elevation.
abundance 单词 大量  不影响阅读

With few exceptions, each endemic species [species native to a particular place] is restricted to the modern islands that made up a single island during periods of low sea level, and genetic differentiation has been influenced by the ecology of the species and the current and past geographic and geological conditions. 
With few exceptions 看错了 没看出来反面意思
islands that made up a single island 
这里应该是 that was made up 吗???????????????????????
geographic and geological  却别是什么?????????????????????

However, far more previous hypotheses have been overturned than supported.
far 这里形容 more 没反应过来
Some endemic Philippine species use disturbed habitat as extensively as nonendemic species that are widespread in Southeast Asia.
extensively 单词!!! 广泛的
disturbed 单词! 受干扰的

Levels of genetic variation within all species are high, not low, and rather than showing evidence of an intrinsic vulnerability to extinction from natural causes, independent lineages of these bats have persisted in rather small areas for very long periods of time(often millions of years) in spite of frequent typhoons and volcanic eruptions.
lineages 单词血统
rather 单词 相当的  不一定非得是rather than

While colonization from outside areas has clearly contributed to the high species richness, speciation within the archipelago has contributed at least a quarter of the total species richness, including many of the most abundant species.



第二题: 文章结构 混乱了 
rencent study 同时支持 但是更多的是反对了很多  

同时的!!! 同一个study 不是另外有其他东向西反对 
主要是转折那句话没看懂  没说其他 就是 一个study
