Passage 66
学者 已经 阐明 accom and res 
历史学家 没有 探索 criticism  因为界限问题


1. As discussed in the passage, the literary scholars and the historians differ in which of the
following ways?
A. the amount of scholarship that they produce
B. the nature of their geographic focus
C. the extent to which they are critical of early capitalism
D. the extent to which they are interested in interdisciplinary study
E. The extent to which they restrict their focus to a particular time period


定位 
Historians of the period have not, however, fully exploited literary criticism, due to the disciplinary boundaries that mark contemporary academic research. 
因为界限问题 选E


2. The passage cites which of the following as a reason for historians’ failure to fully exploit literary criticism?
A. historians’ overly thematic approach to literature
overly thematic approach
B. historians’ conservative notion of what constitutes literature
conservative notion 
C. historian’s lack of interest in critical theory
lack?
D. the distinctive nature of much literary criticism
E. the ahistorical quality of much literary criticism

E 看不懂但感觉D 符合说法

In recent decades, scholars of American literature have skillfully revealed authors’ simultaneous accommodation and resistance to an increasingly commercialized, capitalized
environment during the early nineteenth century.
太抽象了吧 都是什么意思???
作者的同时容纳 和抵抗性对于商业化和集中化环境
单词:
accommodation 熟词僻义  适应!!!
capitalized 资本化!! capital 为什么是资本???


Historians of the period have not, however, fully exploited literary criticism, due to the disciplinary boundaries that mark contemporary academic research. 
Few historians have extensive training in critical theory and its specialized languages, and the sheer volume of work in early American history and literature challenges anyone who would master either field, much less both.
几乎没有历史学家有(全面的)训练 在关键的理论和其特殊的语言方面
并且 早期美国历史和温觉(大量的) 工作  挑战者 所有要掌握 either field 的人 much less both???? 什么意思???


单词:
 sheer volume 总量
正确:::
challenges anyone who would master either field, much less both.
挑战 任何想要精通其中一个领域的人 更不用说都(master)了


Moreover, historians study people across the nation, but much literary scholarship called “American” actually examines works
produced in northeastern states.
知道意思: 历史全国  学者只看东北部 但是不懂细节
主谓宾不懂 called 是 学者所谓的 "美国人" 实际上 分析那写 生产在 东北部省的作品  
那不就成 美国人分析了吗??? 不是学者分析了
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
怎么理解

And historians usually study the operations of capitalism in its details, while literary critics produce a generalized picture of literary commodification.
历史　研究资本化的细节操作　　当批评文章产出一个普遍的图像　of 文学变革

单词:
commodification 商品化!!!
