Passage 23
LG 有观点: 北边的reformer 攻击奴 通过xx 
			具体方法
论证方法: xxxx
观点当时 不被接受 因为: 
		1. 整合两派分歧
		2. 和新出现的东西 不兼容

重新让观点复兴 通过
	做了一些修改
1830 观点被接受



1. The passage is primarily concerned with 
A. criticizing adherents of a traditional view for overlooking important data
不是批判
B. reconciling two different explanations for the same phenomenon
没有两解释 
C. describing a reformulation of a traditional interpretation 
对
选C
D. advocating a traditional approach to a controversial subject 
没有作者本人观点
E. suggesting that a new interpretation is based on faulty assumptions
不沾边

2. The author would be most likely to agree with which of the following about Gerteis formulation of the Growth interpretation?
 定位第二段开头

A. It is too similar to the traditional version of the Growth interpretation.
有修改 不相似
B. It is of dubious validity and does not expand research on the antislavery movement.
选Ｂ
C. It is strongly supported by recent research on the nineteenth-century South.
没有提到 19世纪
D. It is more convincing than the traditional version of the Growth interpretation.
看不出来
E. It is seminal work that will be highly influential on future research.
没提到 对最近的影响
怎么看出D对???? !!!!

3. The passage supports which of the following statements about the Growth interpretation?
A. It had been dismissed by earlier historians but has recently come to dominate antislavery historiography.
有可能
B. It has recently received support from emerging scholarship on the nineteenth-century South.
emerging 不对
C. It was once very influential in antislavery historiography and has recently been reformulated.
recent 不对
??? 1830年才被接受的观点  最近是什么意思???? 一开始为什么是influential
不是被discounted吗? 第二段提到的
D. It has always been highly controversial and is still widely debated by historians.
still widely 不对
E. It has recently been discounted by emerging scholarship on utilitarian values in the nineteenth-century South.
recently been discounted  不对

4. Which of the following, if true, would provide the LEAST support for Gerteis arguments as they are discussed in the passage?

A. In the 1870s, following the abolition of slavery, many Northerners remained unified in their desire to see an effective free-labor system implemented in the South.
B. As early as the 1830s, Northern abolitionists and Northern reformers with a commitment to utilitarian values began to agree that the United States Constitution was an important antislavery document.
C. Many Northern reformers who disagreed about political policies argued that abolishing slavery should be a central goal of the United States government.
D. As early as 1836, many Northern reformers argued that slavery destroyed individuals ability to pursue their self-interests and thwarted the free pursuit of material gain.
E. Owing to their different party allegiances, Northern reformers who shared utilitarian values did not join together in important collective actions against slavery.
有相同的想法 只是意识形态不同
