Passage 51
liter 性格重要 在评论中 
DE 认为 不重要 
历史也反对
1. The passage is primarily concerned with
A. discussing attitudes toward a particular focus for literary analysis
B. describing the limitations of two contemporary approaches to literary analysis
C. pointing out the similarities among seemingly contrasting approaches to literary analysis
D. defending the resurgence of a particular focus for literary analysis
E. defining a set of related terms employed in literary criticism
A

For the following question, consider each of the choice separately and select all that apply.
2. It can be inferred from the passage that on the issue of how to analyze a literary work, the new historicists would most likely agree with the deconstructionists that
A. The writer’s insights and ideas should be understood in terms of the writer’s historical context.
B. The writer’s literary personality has little or no relevance.
C. The critic should primarily focus on intertextuality, subtexts and metatexts.
AB

3. In the context in which it appears, “credit writer with” most nearly means
A. trust a writer with
B. applaud a writer for
C. believe a writer created
D. presume a writer had
E. accept a writer for
B



The relevance of the literary personality—a writer’s distinctive attitudes, concerns, and artistic choices—to the analysis of a literary work is being scrutinized by various schools of contemporary criticism.
relevance 关联性!!!
关联性(literary 个性 对 分析的关联) 变得很仔细 被大量的评论流派 
school 流派!!!

Deconstructionists view the literary personality, like the writer’s biographical personality, as irrelevant.
Deconstructionists 分解主义  就是解析主义 但是不重要

The proper focus of literary analysis, they argue, is a work’s intertextuality( interrelationship with other texts), subtexts (unspoken, concealed, or repressed discourses), and metatexts (self-referential aspects), not a perception of a writer’s verbal and aesthetic “fingerprints.” 
proper 合适的!!!!! 老记不住
concealed 藏起来的  没反应过来
discourses 演讲 文字!!!
perception 感知!!!!
New historicists also devalue the literary personality, since, in their emphasis on a work’s historical contexts, they credit a writer with only those insights and ideas that were generally available when the writer lived. 
However, to readers interested in literary detective work--say scholars of classical( Greek and Roman) literature who wish to reconstruct damaged texts or deduce a work’s authorship—the literary personality sometimes provides vital clues.
vital!!!! 至关重要的



第二题看清楚题目是一起怎么样认为!!!!!