Passage 22

1. The primary purpose of the passage is to 
A. summarize a particular debate among historians 
B. trace the evolution of a particular area of historical study 
选Ｂ
C. challenge a common misconception about a particular historical period 
D. identify flaws in a particular approach to the study of a historical subject
E. explain why a particular historical question has received little scholarly attention

Hoping to better understand who remained loyal to the Union during the war, these historians have sought to explain the Civil War’s underlying character, dimensions, and impact in particular counties or towns, especially in the upper South and Appalachia. 
This relatively new trend has stressed the particular, delved into the complexities of political allegiances on the home front, and, as Sutherland notes, highlighted “the gritty experience of real people”.

看不懂上面白到达了什么观点 最后一句看不懂

2. The passage suggests that “some Civil War historians”Paragraph 3 would probably　agree with which of the following statements about Southern Unionists?
A. Their economic circumstances were more significant than their social and cultural identities in determining their dissent from the Confederate cause.
B. Their significant to historians lies mainly in what their actions reveal about the mainstream of Confederate nationalism from which they departed 
C. Their political allegiance must be understood in relation to specific local factors that affected their lives during the Civil War period
D. They were more likely to be from areas outside the upper South and Appalachia than were supporter of the Confederate cause 
E. They were more likely to be from economically priviliged groups than were supporters of the Confederate cause.

Until around 1930 few United States Civil War historians paid much attention to Southerners who opposed the 1861-1865 secession from the United States by a confederacy of Southern
states

3. The passage suggests which of the following about histories of the Civil War written before 1930?
A. Some took a fairly sympathetic view of Southern Unionists.
错
B. Interest in these histories has been revived by the work of recent historians
?
C. Most offered little analysis of the lives and motives of Southern Unionists.
正确
选C
D. Many tended to group Southern Unionists into broad categories that obscured their differences.
?
E. Few accepted the idea that the South was politically unified during the Civil War.
不反对


4. Which of the following best describes the function of the highlighted sentence?
A. It challenges a common misconception about the motives driving an influential group of Civil War historians.
B. It describes a major contribution of the Civil War historians of the 1960s and 1970s that inspired the next generation of scholars.
X
C. It calls attention to aspects of the Confederate cause that were alienating to those Southerners who remained loyal to the Union.
D. It identifies a tendency in Civil War scholarship that more recent scholarship has moved away from.
E. It explains how ideological and political aspects of the Confederacy loyalist Southerners to reject the Confederate cause.
V
