Passage 33
20中 建筑重视 nar 
重点是 文艺复兴时期 广泛的来源 
PP 用T石头 20前
有些评论 没看懂
相反的使用情况 
雕刻和绘画
扩大范围

1. The passage is primarily concerned with 
A. explaining the differences in quality among different kinds of building materials 
一样的
B. discussing the differences among Etruscan, Florentine Renaissance, and Roman Baroque architecture 
C. describing how different materials influenced architecture in different cities 
different materials 
D. describing the manner in which Renaissance architects often resorted to artificial materials and illusionistic effects 
E. demonstrating the attitude of sixteenth- and seventeenth-century Italian architects toward the use of building materials
选E

2. It can be inferred from the passage that the author believes that which of the following is true of painting and architecture of the Baroque era?
A. Both emphasize the “natural” use of materials.
X
B. Both are derived from the Florentine Renaissance style.
选B
C. Both have been overlooked by twentieth-century Modernists.
X
D. They have certain visual features in common.
E. They illustrate the degeneration of a style.
3

3. The author’s mention of Florentine Renaissance painting serves in the context of the passage to support which of the following assertions?
A. The constraints that operate in architecture are different from those that operate in painting 
X
B. Florentine architectural style was not determined by the nature of the available marble.
选b
C. The Florentine Renaissance period was a period in which the other arts achieved the same distinction as did architecture.
D. Technical advances in all of the arts of the Florentine Renaissance determined the stylistic qualities of those arts.
E. Native preferences of style do not manifest themselves in the same ways in different arts.

4. The passage suggests which of the following about the cited “scholars”?
A. They believe that a decadent phase is characteristic of any significant artistic movement.
B. They reject the popular view of the Renaissance as the apex of architectural achievement.
C. They believe that a vigorous and healthy architecture would not usually employ false surfaces or imitation building materials.
D. They represent the mainstream in critical and historical thought about the Florentine Renaissance.
E. They have focused on such technical matters as the cost of building materials rather than on artistic concerns.
