passage 60

1. It can be inferred that the author mentions Ellison’s apprenticeship with Richmond Barthe primarily in order to
A. show that Ellison drew upon some aspects of the visual arts in developing his ideas for
Invisible Man
B. show that Ellison’s claim for the superiority of the language drive from his experience with other are forms
C. establish that Ellison had experience with an art form that interested many leading figures of the 1930s Harlem art scene
D. suggest that in the 1930s the Harlem art scene provided an environment in which artists
were likely to work in several media
E. qualify Ellison’s reservations about visual renderings of his work by showing that he was not indifferent to visual art
E



2. Which of the following can be inferred from the passage about the “tension”?
A. It partly resulted from social injustices that Ellison worked to alleviate.
B. It came to Ellison’s attention partly a a result of his experience with proposed film versions of Invisible Man.
C. Ellison thought that it could not be adequately represented by sculpture.
D. Ellison believed that it arose from contradictions within the United States’ founding ideals.
E. Ellison felt that it was an issue that could not adequately be addressed through the
depiction of fictional characters.
C


完全不会


Ralph Ellison was passionately interested in visual arts.
passionately 是非常吗???  热烈的 没问题

He immersed himself in Harlem’s art scene in the 1930s, even apprenticing with sculptor Richmond Barthe for a time.
immersed 沉浸??? 
apprenticing 不知道   单词!!! 学徒
art scene   艺术氛围  不是艺术场景 

Yet he was wary of projects aiming to provide a visual rendering of his novel Invisible Man.
单词wary 谨慎的!!!!!! 老记不住
reder of xxx  呈现xxx 

He reluctantly allowed Franklin Library to publish two illustrated versions of the novel but found the results disappointing and repeatedly rejected proposed film versions of the book. 
单词: reluctantly 不情愿的


Despite his involvement in visual arts, Ellison insisted that only language could capture the complexity of American identity.
很奇怪为什么没看懂这句话  could 自动被忽略了?


This complexity consisted of the tension arising from the collision of the United States’ written ideals, as outlined in the founding documents, and the historical and contemporary experience molding the national consciousness.
