Passage 24
C 的一个理论 被历史学家数字 C认为他们有义务 提出线索 to 大事件
hireachy 很基础
被更多人接受的理论 是来自 Web


提出问题: 造成一个事件的 factor 重要性关系 怎么解决

R 有另外一个观点, 先定义最直接的
但是 没有依据能这么做

1. The primary purpose of the passage is to 
A. compare two prominent models of historical explanation 
没对比
B. undermine non-Marxist objections to the historical-materialist explanatory model of historical causation 
不是
C. analyze ways in which the question of historical causation can be illuminated by Weberian sociology
最后一段不是 
D. challenge an orthodox position concerning historical explanation
选D
E. argue that historical analysis should rely more on empirical investigation than on philosophical reflectio
没有结论

hierarchies of causes are treated as historically specific: explanatory primacy in any particular historical situation must be established by empirical investigation of that situation, not by applying a universal model of historical causation.

2. According to the passage, most historians share the assumption that 
A. The most useful current model of historical causation is the historical-materialist model.
WEb 不是 his-mat
B. Explaining a historical event requires ranking its causes by importance.
正确
选B
C. The same hierarchy of causes underlies every historical event.
好像是但是没说
D. Philosophical debates have limited utility for historical practice.
?
E. Different causes of the same historical event sometimes have the same importance.
不对 这要不需要 heriatcar 了


3. In the second paragraph of the passage, the author uses the concept of an indispensable cause primarily in order to question which of the following claims?
A. Generalizations about the origins of capitalist societies are defensible.
B. The study of history is largely independent of philosophical concerns.
C. A universal model of historical causation is indefensible.
D. A historical event is caused by many factors.
E. A hierarchy of the causes of a historical event can be determined.
选E


4. Which of the following best describes the organization of the passage?
A. An assumption is identified and called into question.
选A
B. Opposing views are compared, contrasted, and shown to be compatible.
C. An argument is advanced, criticized, and then revised.
D. A theory is shown to be superior to its chief rival.
E. Similar arguments are shown to lead to different conclusions.
X