Passage 41
女作家 作品流行
NB认为 woman fiction 有好影响
单词: chronicle 
Bym 认为这个类型是从一本书开始的 畅销书

出现了一些非主流批评那个 was mixed 怎么翻译???
没有影响 反而
The moralistic tone of much woman’s fiction did not placate these antagonists; on the contrary, many clerical opponents of the novel thought that women were trying to take over the clergy’s functions and hence attacked all the more fiercely. 
没看懂这一句
受影响的男作家也发表了一下看法  
contempt 这个很重要  阻碍的?

出版很支持 没有人review 带着注意 尊重??? 这是转折吗?
喷子改变了什么
On the whole, however, even these laudatory critics showed themselves uninterested in the stories that this fiction told, or in their significance.
喷子不感兴趣 这段到底是支持还是反对

B认为 没什么内涵 都是小故事
当时女不同 他不艺术家 义务对读者  娱乐目的 指导
就是爽文呗?
who identify with her 这个什么意思?


1. The passage is primarily concerned with 
A. summarizing the major contributions of two influential writers 
没讨论具体作者
B. describing and commenting on a group of literary works 
有可能
C. summarizing the major events of a period of literary history 
没时间
D. contrasting two types of literary works from the same era 
有对比 当不是主题
E. arguing for the adopting of several neglected literary works into university curriculums
没看懂 neglected 
感觉不是 
选B


2. The author of the passage cites Susan Warner’s Wide, Wide World most probably as an example of a woman’s novel that 
显示成功了?
A. had more advanced artistic elements than many of its type 
不是 后面的  并且不是艺术家
B. attracted an excessive amount of critical attention
?
C. was found to be inappropriately moralistic by many members of the clergy
不是
D. was significant as an indicator of the genre’s popularity 
对
E. signaled the gradual decline of the size of the genre’s audience
decline?

选D

3. The author of the passage implies which of the following about the members of the clergy mentioned in the first paragraph?
clergy 单词问题

A. They also opposed works of fiction that were outside the genre of woman’s fiction.

B. They opposed journalism as well as imaginative writing.
没提到
C. Their influence reached its pinnacle in the mid-nineteenth century.
?	
D. They were unable to obtain the support of other critics for their views.
E. Their attacks on the genre of the novel did not extend to novels written by male writers.
看不他懂 
蒙A

4. Which of the following can be inferred from the passage concerning the majority of the nineteenth-century reviewers of woman’s fiction?
A. They considered the position taken by the clergy in regard to woman’s fiction self-serving.
第一段?
B. They did not make fine distinctions between different authors.
对应 选B
C. They placed a higher value on plot than on social significance.
不对 爽文 没意义
D. They subscribed to the view of writers as purveyors of popular entertainment rather than as artists
后面的
E. They regarded woman’s fiction as high as publishers did
和他们观点不一样
选B



第三题错误 
主要因为看不懂第一段 精读一下
The novels chronicle the experiences of women who, beset with hardships, find within themselves qualities of intelligence, will, resourcefulness, and courage sufficient to overcome their obstacles. 
小说 单词问题   chronicle 不知道 动词记录, will 以为是动词 原来是意志  多义词 多体会

According to Baym, the genre began with Catharine Sedgwick’s New-England Tale (1822), manifested itself as the best-selling reading matter of the American public in the unprecedented sales of Susan Warner’s Wide, Wide World (1850), and remained a dominant fictional type until after 1870. 
没问题
The critical, as opposed to popular, reception of these novels in their own time was mixed. 
单词 reception 以为是欺骗的  应该是 接受度  in their own time 理解不了 原来是时代 
mixed 是"评论"褒贬不一
Theoretical opposition by those who saw fiction as a demoralizing and corrupting influence was by no means dead in mid-nineteenth-century America, and popular successes naturally bore a significant proportion of the attack. 
不认识 太多了
那些看妖魔化 腐败的 理论反驳 短语
 by no means 没有消失 
  bore proportion 占比例
The moralistic tone of much woman’s fiction did not placate these antagonists; on the contrary, many clerical opponents of the novel thought that women were trying to take over the clergy’s functions and hence attacked all the more fiercely. 
placate 单词 安抚  clerical 没反应过来 神职人员
Similarly, some male authors, disgruntled by the emergence of great numbers of women writers, expressed contempt for the genre.
contempt 轻蔑  
主要还是单词问  多义词 和 记住但反应不过来的



第三题仍然可以问一问