Passage 25
MW 死后成名, 19世纪 hidden
VW 两本书 重提论点
W 的先进之处 仍然能震惊四座
	当代有一个论点, W认为不分性别的morality应该覆盖所有性别

W的一些具体观点

W的书反驳了B 
w和B一些来回

1. By quoting Burke’s defender in the highlighted phrase, the author of the passage most clearly succeeds in 
A. providing a context for the political turbulence that unseated the French monarchy
后面的内容
B. emphasizing the way in which Wollstonecraft’s philosophy divided men and women 
C. explaining why Wollstonecraft’s work has won more acceptance in the twentieth century than in the nineteenth
D. illustrating the nature of the appeal of Burkes argument 
选D
E. demonstrating the degree of hostility aroused by Wollstonecraft’s work

Burke’s rhapsody on the queen of France (glittering like the morning star, full of life, and splendor, and joy) was, for Wollstonecraft, an example of the argument that beauty and instinct must often prevail over reason, 

来表达 had been transferred by Burke 

2. The author of the passage quotes Burke’s description of the queen of France most probably in order to 
A. provide a specific illustration of a position with which Wollstonecraft took issue
有可能
选A
B. provide a specific example of Burke’s already archaic prose style 
不是
C. balance the quotation from Burkes anonymous defender 
不是balnce
D. provide evidence of why Burkes position was more widely accepted than Wollstonecraft’s 
?
E. provide an example of what Wollstonecraft perceived as Burke’s lack of political astuteness


3. The passage suggests that which of the following is true concerning Virginia Woolf’s appraisal of A Vindication of the Rights of Men and A Vindication of the Rights of Woman?

A. Woolf was defending Wollstonecraft’s theories against attacks by nineteenth—century critics who concentrated only on Wollstonecraft’s notoriety.
没有defence
B. Woolf favored the advances proposed by Wollstonecraft and mistakenly assumed that they had become self-evident in the twentieth century.
自己证明有道理
选B
C. Woolf miscalculated the practical effects that the advances proposed by Wollstonecraft would have on society.
没说
D. Woolf decried the loss in the twentieth-century of social progress made in the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries.
18没有
E. Woolf was reacting against what she considered a lack of originality on Wollstonecraft’s part while calling for more sweeping changes than Wollstonecraft had proposed.
不对

Modern feminism has brought the reputation of the English writer Mary Wollstonecraft (1759-1797) to something approaching the luster it deserves. 

4. The author of the passage suggests that modern feminism has treated the writings of Mary Wollstonecraft in which of the following ways?
A. Modern feminism has emphasized the progressive aspects of Wollstonecraft’s writings, while separating her work from her personal reputation.
有联系
B. Modern feminism has emphasized Wollstonecraft’s importance as a theorist, while deemphasizing her effect on the daily life of her times.
?哪里说的?
C. Modern feminism has worked toward a synthesis of Wollstonecraft’s philosophical advances with those of her contemporaries.
没有整
D. Modern feminism has embraced Wollstonecraft’s relative importance as a theorist, while rejecting certain elements of her theories of gender-based morality.
reject?
E. Modern feminism has equated Wollstonecraft’s ideas about the popular sentimentalization of women with her view of monarchist systems of government.
只能选E??/



A
beginning in the nineteenth century her fame as
a writer was hidden by disproportionate attention to her unconventional and, at the time, shocking
personal life.
后半句不是很能看懂
