Passage 43
太阳能设计重要
存分两类  latent 潜在 和sensiable 敏感的
L:改状态 改热量 缺点温度固定
H: 更灵活
Moreover, materials that have transitions at the temperatures that terrestrial solar-energy systems are likely to encounter are usually destructively corrosive at those temperatures

不是太懂  但知道大概意思

1. The primary purpose of the passage is to discuss which of the following?
A. reasons for the necessity for developing solar-energy systems 
B. different ways of storing solar energy as heat 
两种
C. new designs for devices that collect solar energy
没有新的
D. procedures for transferring thermal energy between materials 
?
E. differences between capacities of solids and liquids to store sensible heat
那是L的
选B

Consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply.
2. According to the passage, solar-energy systems located on Earth must store energy for which of the following reasons?
A.At any given location on Earth, the amount of sunlight available frequently changes.
对的 第一句
B.The operation of such systems depends on devices that require a power source other than solar energy
没
C. Demand for the energy produced by such systems varies in unpredictable ways
也没

选A


Consider each of the choices separately and select all that apply.
3.The author suggests that which of the following constitutes a potential disadvantage of using latent heat for energy storage?
A. The circumstances under which phase transitions occur would limit the versatility of latent heat as a storage method.
有可能
B. The supply of substances that possess the properties that are needed in a medium for latent heat storage is dwindling.
没说
C. The properties that are needed in a medium for latent heat storage are found in substances that have other, undesirable properties.
没

选A


3的C没选出来
因为那句没看懂 
精读一下
Moreover, materials that have transitions at the temperatures that terrestrial solar-energy systems are likely to encounter are usually destructively corrosive at those temperatures
并且, 那些在温度下转变的材料, 温度-太阳能系统大概率发生的 
通常都是 危害? 腐蚀的 在温度下????

encounter 遇到 发生
destructively 破坏性的


