1 . it cannot be concluded that virtually the only biologists interested in research that such experiments could address are those biologists already employed by the space program
that such experiments could address are  看不懂  P46

2 .And the data he compiled yielded a mathematical formula for the relationship between a room’s echo duration, its quantity and quality of sound-absorbing materials, and its spatial volume.

spatial volume 有点理解不了 P52


3. Formisano stresses the pervasive record of nonpartisan and anti-party governance at the local level, and women’ s frequent participation in nineteenth-century public life, prior to their enfranchisement, in nonpartisan and antiparty ways as evidence of the limitations of the party period paradigm.
这句子的理解 和文章中的作用  感觉是上面的论点 没有衔接 P55


4. In any case, the strength of the paradigm is its comparative thrust: the contrast it draws between the period in question and earlier and later political eras. 
看不懂这句话  P55

5. P56 整个都是问题

6. This shift in focus from gender inequality in political participation may be due to the finding in several studies of voting behavior in the United States that since 1980, differences in rates of registration and voting between men and women are not statistically significant after controlling for traditional predictors of participation.

动词在哪? P58

7. P61 整个

8. The public, he concluded, was often being duped by a convert patrician conservatism, conveyed through commercial culture, that restrained the people’s radical instincts. 
These works constituted some of Orwell’ s greatest writing, yet those who see him as a lone precursor to today’s cultural studies, a field in which scholars examine the ideological implications of popular culture, are mistaken.
这两句话看不懂 P63

9. In the life of Charlotte Bronte(1857), the first and the most celebrated biography of novelist Charlotte Bronte, Elizabeth Gaskell promoted the long-persisting romantic view of Bronte as having no connection with the rest of English society at a time when industrialization was causing much turbulence, but as having sprung naturally, like so much purple heather, out of the English countryside.

but 什么意思 前面没有not 怎么来了个but P64

10 .Gaskell also portrayed Bronte as irreproachably proper, incapable of “unladylike” feelings or dangerous views; this was at variance with the subversive spirit Matthew Arnold accurately discerned, albeit with distance, deep within Bronte’ s fiction.
irreproachably proper 是什么? P64


11. Moreover, historians study people across the nation, but much literary scholarship called “American” actually examines works produced in northeastern states.
知道意思: 历史全国  学者只看东北部 但是不懂细节
主谓宾不懂 called 是 学者所谓的 "美国人" 实际上 分析那写 生产在 东北部省的作品  
那不就成 美国人分析了吗??? 不是学者分析了 P66


12.整个P70

看不懂!

13. Elizabeth Bishop’s Complete Poems(1927-1979) has come to seem to most of its readers so achieved and sufficient as a life’s work that it is hard not to lose sight of how slowly Bishop wrote poems and of how few poems, finally, she completed.
hard not 双重否定的问题 P79
整个79的题目都有问题

14.  80 逻辑问题

15.
Both men advocated comfortable homes and better schools for African Americans, both attributed poverty and illiteracy to causes other than racism, such as insect damage to crops, and both worked to keep Black farmers on the land, although Smith opposed farm tenancy system on Black farmers and of accommodating racism. 
不懂 这部分 although Smith opposed farm tenancy system on Black farmers and of accommodating racism
81

16.Present-day Arctic plants are less likely to leave fossil remains than are plants outside the Arctic
后半部分者个 are plants 主语是谁 
P83


17. 公务员周末不加班 算借助生活常识吗

18. P86 需要讲

19.However, McGill points to Northern bedrock structures that predate the features said to mark the start of the tectonic process. P87 理不清这句话

20.The waters east of Cape Hangklip were once the center of a lucrative wild-caught abalone fishery, but illegal fishing in the mid-1990s escalated to such levels that the recreational fishery was closed in 2003.
这个 such 是个什么? 直接理解成空前的???.
When abalones did not rebound, commercial fishing was also banned.
这句话在文章中的作用理解不了 当数量没有反弹的时候
啥时候反弹了 从开头就说非法捕捞 减少啊?

P88 只看开头两句话


21. P90 第一题 题干的理解 对应AB选项

22. P92 D 选项 D 是作者认为的一个例子 不符合理论 例子都往前找!????

23. 93 C　错在哪里了？？









